---
title: "Goals"
bg: orange
color: black
fa-icon: trophy
---

In a similar vein as The Zen of Python, it might be useful to set some guidelines.

## Jolly Good Ideas
1. Good error messages are more important than anythying else.
    - *The Erroneous Corollary*: Therefore error handling should be a cornerstone of design, not an afterthought.
1. I take that back. Security is paramount. 
    - *Safety First*: A program that does nothing is better than a program that does more than what it is supposed to do.
      In a perfect world, bugs like Heartbleed and Shellshock would not happen.
    - *Safety means Updates*: Automatic software updates should be easy and automatic.
    - *Security means Encryption*: Things like TLS and RSA should be easy and automatic.
2. Modules are a great idea. We should have lots of those.
3. Static types are a great idea. We should have those, but only if the type system is insanely awesome like Haskell's.
4. Distributed revision control systems are a great idea. We should use those.
5. Semantic versioning is a great idea. We should use that.
6. The Internet is a great idea. We could utilize that more.
    - *The Internet Corollary*: Never write synchronous blocking code.
7. ...more as I think of them.

## The Really Deep Insights
1. At all levels of a complex system, there are analagous structures. It's fractals all the way down.
2. The distinction between interpretted languages and compiled languages is a historical relic. We can do both.


-------------------------
